DOCSP-40537 Optional delimiting slash in connection string (#557)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 4.1 <version-4.1>`
* :ref:`Version 4.0 <version-4.0>`

.. _version-5.2:

What's New in 5.2
-----------------

New features of the 5.2 driver release include:

> - A forward-slash (``/``) between the hosts and client options in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A forward-slash (``/``) character between the host names and client options in a
```
